Oh add something big there it's got away
I'm almost certain that was a black for
honor
yeah close but not close enough but
having everyone fishing has paid off
the guy in the next boat has just caught
something and passed me his line okay
it's a black piranha it's not one of the
real monsters in fact it's quite average
size well there you can see it still has
quite a snap on it of the superlative
set of Nash's ah really missed I'd that
quite badly oh well it was a bad time
that happened I've been catching for
hours for a long long time and I've not
been bitten yet but that's my first
piranha battle scar
the black piranha is really very
distinctive very dark in color but it
has these incredible red eyes it has a
very very stocky body look at it in
cross-section if you look at it and on
you can see it's almost Bulldog like an
appearance but because it's not very
long it's very maneuverable it can move
incredibly quickly moving in towards
food taking a bite and then instantly
swimming away at great pace they don't
actually hunt in packs as is
traditionally believed or in shoals
actually they tend to hunt on their own
now looking at this one here you can see
it's a little bit tatty around the tail
and around these fins here and the
reason for that is that other piranhas
will actually come in and take big
chunks out of the fins they are
cannibalistic they will eat their own
kind and they'll certainly waste no
opportunity to munch down big chunks of
these fins but leaving the fish alive
and let me just see if I can show you
these teeth look at those absolutely
fearsome
the black piranha with its burning red
eyes and some of the sharpest teeth on
earth it truly is one of the most
fearsome hunters of a flooded forest and
got a go on the deadly 60
[Music]
you